good we must learn a little bit that they are the justico we can not
solve
personally I think it is a very good option to kill time
As for mathematics, they ask us to reason
as I have already told you the mathematics
perán parts
try to understand them more than doing the operations simply by doing them
and we help so much to network
working with numbers
like
think of the best possible solution
with respect our own
way of thinking
Now that is a sudoku
a whole then this one
what we want from the left side
nine boxes
down once rows
first columns
the idea of ​​solving a sudoku expose
numbers from 1 to 9
but without being repeated
in the columns
as in the rows as in these
house
we want here
of 9 for evil
if I put you a shindo here in three
in this same square there can be neither one nor two nor three
olea solve it assured 2 3
Yes a little bit
efe
let's see row 1
the shoulder column
if I have here 1 4 and 7 in these that I have empty
I can not put
neither the smoke nor in four days 7
and if we see the first row
that I have 1 2 and 3 that I can not put for any pines nor three nor one nor two
nor three
because they would repeat
this is the traditional sudoku and the most common fallen
a lot more complex than they have more with a few bonuses
rows
but its goal is the same
for that says this side requires sudoku
it's a little bit easier
because it only has four by four four rows and four columns
and we can solve it easier
then how would you solve
as I said the first thing is to try to solve them life
of all these four boxes
the 1
the three
and the 4
what pity easy to solve
It would be the
for the moment number three
because that number 2 3 and 4 then we already know that the cydia
quant row
column
or almost four already what four already has three answers
this row we do not already have one the two the three
then here already
the 4
row column or box
you already have three answers
the second row
already has two the three and the four
then I would go
16 times the logic try to see
which is the easiest to solve
because it is the first column that have one the 2004 then I wanted
Number 3
which now has three
here in none of the two options that we have
this new direction that we meet we make votes
at this price a little cleaner
if we see
this column has two this row sorry
this row nothing more than two
this column has two
until we found a column that has one gave another column that
they have
in tolosa solve
1 2 and 3 ticket office the number
in this hour in this column we have
2 4 and 3 here diaz listed 1
and then we will collaborate to move confusing
so that these two rows
they already have
three options
in that we have 1 2 and 3 here the number
and here we have 1 4 and 3 would require the number
and now we go up
this scare obviously this one is easy
is to get acquainted with the Sudoku
and now we have to check if in all rows
columns and blocks
the
larumbe and
that does not have to repeat itself let's see
row one we have
one two three four
palomeada are agreed
row 2
one two three four
and the 3
to name none has been repeated
row 4 one two three four
columbarium
by the columns
the first column
in the pub one two three four do not repeat
a column are not repeated the third column also do not repeat the
fourth column
neither are they repeated
why today to check
by blocks of four
these blocks of four
the first batch of four are repeated no
the second
the third one and the fourth
this is how it was resolved
and that's his thing
let's have a little more this sudoku on the big left side
to see how he called him crying
then we can can see the first row
we have three
yes indicated
CD
popeye if we fight asking
we have the first box
in the first column
the first row forgiveness we can also solve the first column if we have 1
4 7 we can put
three Ecuadorians protest
6 the site is already
this is a good way to learn how to do sudokus from scratch
make your own sudoku
as they are provided
upta do sudokus
on the internet can count
thousands of options you have the easiest that was like this one that we did here
very complete match
the subject of how to dress that only remain
little options
I hope you liked the video you have served
already know any questions or comments
proposal that you have to make a video with pleasure
he tried to solve it
or we make the video